Rbroughan/add retry docs (#29421)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/understanding-airbyte/jobs.md

**Note: Workers here refers to Airbyte workers. Temporal, which Airbyte uses under the hood for scheduling, has its own worker concept. This distinction is important.**

## Sync Jobs

At a high level, a sync job is an individual invocation of the Airbyte pipeline to synchronize data from a source to a destination data store.

### Sync Job State Machine

Sync jobs have the following state machine.

![Job state machine](../.gitbook/assets/job-state-machine.png)

[Image Source](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1cp8LRZs6UnhAt3jbQ4h40nstcNB0OBOnNRdMFwOJL8I/edit)

### Attempts and Retries

In the event of a failure, the Airbyte platform will retry the pipeline. Each of these sub-invocations of a job is called an attempt.

### Retry Rules

> Based on the outcome of previous attempts, the number of permitted attempts per job changes. Currently, Airbyte is configured to allow the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the outcome of previous attempts, the number of permitted attempts per job changes. By default, Airbyte is configured to allow the following:
```

Author: Updated

* 5 subsequent attempts where no data was synchronized
* 10 total attempts where no data was synchronized

> * 10 total attempts where some data was synchronized

Reviewer: nit: probably useful to add an example for illustration here.

Reviewer: probably after the retry backoff section so we cover the entire feature fully.

Author: Any ideas on what kind of visualization would work best? All I can think of is a table

Reviewer: a table seems fine to start.

the main thing is to be explain when backoff happens and how the configured variable affect how many failed attempts and total attempt in a complicated case.

Author: I'll take a pass at a table

> For oss users, these values are configurable. See [Configuring Airbyte](../operator-guides/configuring-airbyte.md#jobs) for more details.

Reviewer: +1!
